how do you guys like that and still see
some skinny you're kidding right
you can eat whatever you want if you
just throw it up afterwards you guys do
that that's like totally unhealthy
nothing like being overweight isn't
trust us it's fine
and you should start doing it too yeah
you better unless you like getting fat
you're out to eat when you see a teenage
girl being pressured by her friends to
binge and purge do you step in to warn
her about the dangers or do you step
away and let the girl handle this
weighty issue on her own what would you
do come on we wouldn't hurt you
what goes down was love I really don't
know about this guy's we're grabbing a
bite at the Eldorado diner in Tarrytown
New York Maria and lanique are trying to
force their friend Rachel to binge and
purge how will people react
the day starts with this man he
overhears the pressure the girls are
putting on Rachel
first I'll trust you guys it seems like
a big deal it'll be fine and that's
gross Josh mentioned that he saw a
little bit of your stomach when he can't
listen anymore
he approaches the table
the pinching encouraging so I'm a
professional basketball coach and I have
a master's degree in nutrition that's a
really unhealthy thing for you guys to
do it your age you guys are really
welcome to do you know that's a really
dangerous behavior also
I'm sorry corrupting your guys's
breakfast we interrupt the conversation
so we can talk to him a lot of these
young girls try to take the easy way out
they want it now so when you hear these
girls say there's nothing wrong with it
yeah for me it was really concerning I
mean I'm married I have a daughter and
I've got sisters and so to just hear
these girls talking about that kind of
stuff really kind of Concerned me and I
felt terrible coming in interrupting
their conversation but I just felt like
I had to say something
join us or be fat you're joining this
group says something once rachel is
alone at the table
my friend anymore unless I do it do it
do it do it we're just trying to help
her we want her to look good okay she
needs to lose weight well what would you
say to them I would say that you
internal confidence that's what matters
there is a million guys out there if
she's acted on inside of her she will
find the right one I have two young
daughters myself now so I just want to
make sure that they're on the right path
we can understand
peer pressure is so prevalent this final
couple is listening in whatever honestly
be fat then Maria and lanique leave once
again after a few moments pass we tell
Rachel to join them
that's when Loretta and Nick Gaspari get
involved
he said that they're helping friends
that's pretty I mean it's okay now
that's pretty sick don't don't get
involved with something like that you
don't need that they're friends cuz
they're really sweet
they said they won't hang out with me
unless I do it with her I said I need to
do it a pretty young girl okay but
they're waiting for me let them wait
where they gonna do
I mean it's sick there's something
mister
why don't you come new waiting for you
it's not hurt yourself all right what's
wrong with you
we're not hurting her she's our friend
I spend a fortune on food then you go
throw it up come on
it's none of your business don't you
smarter crying we have to talk to these
new friends and advocates for a boy you
were upset yes I was
you should know people that have done
that that is horrible
you know people who have done this young
girls yes matter of fact my daughter I'm
gonna head to the many teenagers one of
them but then they were fine yeah I mean
I did so I know what it's like but you
don't know that young girl you know no I
don't know so why get involved I just
couldn't help it I bothered me if they
got those kids got me mad you gotta do
the right thing he gets no she's wrong
kid I just can't leave her you know God
knows where they could go with this I
know know was it drugs next time your
precious stuff